Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm Got
to Pack It. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back.
>> So, let's get to it. We're uh
>> Let's do it.
>> Clocks are running here.
We got some uh got some content updates
for y'all for you guys. Although, if
y'all are watching this,
this is a deep cut kind of channel. I
feel
if y'all are watching this, there's a
pretty good chance y'all already know
about the other stuff, but I'll say it
anyway. Over on Lonnie and Ryan Podcast
YouTube channel, that is the name of the
channel if you're looking for it.
We did
a pod with ADHD Dave and it's a good
one. And Dave Dave's a cool guy. I like
Dave.
So, I hope y'all go give that a watch.
We had a really good conversation. Dave
is a Dave is a different dude and it
took took me a took me a little while to
He's and he's got a very
um dry complex sense of humor. Yeah.
>> However, let me I will say this.
>> He has a good sense of humor from what
I've seen.
>> He's never he's never been ugly to me
ever that I know of.
>> Right.
>> Anyways,
uh but yeah, we we had a great
conversation and and the more I learn
about Dave and talk to Dave, the more I
know, I I realize that he's a lot like
me.
>> He really is. Yeah.
>> And I bet he drives his wife crazy, too.
I bet he does. I didn't I didn't ask him
that. But hey, when when you you got to
kick the good with the bad with people
like that.
>> Yep. That's right.
>> Otherwise, it would be boring.
>> Oh, you can't have that.
>> No. Did y'all notice Lonnie is wearing
some new glasses?
>> Yeah. I got some uh some uh Ray-B band
Metas on today.
>> He's He's wearing contacts with Rayban
Meta. Yeah.
Yep. I am going to be uh And these
glasses are so cool, y'all. Even if even
from a not from a content creator
standpoint, like I can ask these things
um questions,
you know, and
you could talk to Meta AI and start
having a conversation and then it it's
playing like you
>> you can play music on them or or
podcasts or whatever. Yeah,
>> it it's it's cool. You can make a phone
I can make a phone call just by telling
it to call call Candace.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh I tried that. I mean, it's really
neat.
>> Um very I was so impressed whenever he
started showing me the features and the
video quality and stuff.
>> Yeah,
>> I went ahead and ordered me a pair.
>> Yeah, I can't I they're kind I mean I
actually, you know what? I don't think
they're exp I I don't I wouldn't
I'm hitting my head. I wouldn't even
call them expensive, honestly. Not for
not for what they do.
>> They kind of are.
>> Well, I think I think our total bill at
checkout was like450 or something,
something like that. These are Gen, too.
>> The ones I ordered are almost 500.
They're not even out yet. They're
they're uh going to ship on the 15th, so
I have to wait a few weeks.
>> Candace wanted a certain style.
>> Yeah, I have a small face, so I had to
get a certain style. But but she said,
you know, at first she was like, "Well,
we'll see
>> because like I obviously we're going to
we plan on creating content with these
things,
>> but man, what about the rest of my
life?"
>> I know.
>> Like traveling and stuff. Yes. It's
going to be fun.
>> I know. I know.
>> Yeah.
>> I know. It's It's pretty like when I put
them like when I put them on yesterday
and tried them for the first time. Oh my
gosh. So my like I was just walking
around in a stouper for a little while
just thinking about the possibilities
and
>> um it they're really amazing. We'll see
how this integrates into my daily life,
>> right?
>> And I guess Zuckerberg's going to know
every single thing I do.
>> I might have to take them off every now
and then,
>> right?
>> You know what I mean?
>> What?
>> Well, they're not prescription. They're
just clear. They are transition. So when
he when we go outside, they'll turn to
sunglasses.
>> Yeah. The only the only thing that's bad
about that
is that uh they don't just like my other
transitions that I on my regular
glasses, they don't change in the car.
>> No, they never do. That's just how they
>> That stinks, man. I hate Man, I so wish
there was a I so wish they would come up
with something for that.
>> There should be technology now where you
can say, uh,
>> turn it on.
>> Hey, Meta, turn on my shades.
>> Right. Especially if I think about if
you're playing poker.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Your eyes.
>> Uh if you're playing poker, you you
should not be wearing these playing a
game of poker.
>> Why?
>> There's You could be doing some
cheating.
>> Wow.
>> Hey, Meadow. What's the chance of uh
>> Well, you still have to talk.
>> I just activated it.
>> You still talk out loud.
>> Ignore me, Meta. I'm sorry.
>> Hey, Meta, go back to sleep.
>> No. But yeah, I'm so excited. Like I'm
going to use them for reselling content
too when we go to garage sales and
stuff. But man, I was just thinking
about all the other stuff in my life,
you know.
>> Yeah, it's so cool. Like at any time
you're like, "Oh, well that's neat."
>> Oh, Molly's at a concert. Hey, record
this song that they're playing.
>> Oh, I didn't think of that.
>> Yeah. Oh, I mean Yeah. Yeah. It's It's
awesome. Now, the only thing and and
this is not a big deal. Um
the only thing is they don't they do not
record they only film vertically.
>> Yeah.
>> So, which means um
>> they're going to be used for short
content or grills. Yeah.
>> For long form content,
>> you forgot to sign the card.
>> Oh, man. For long form content, uh we're
still going to be
>> action cam.
>> I'm still going to be wearing an action
cam. action cam.
>> But
I'm I'm going from not not filming at
garage sales to having filming with two
cameras at garage.
>> Well, when I get mine, we're going to
have three cameras rolling.
>> Yeah. Boy, that accelerated quickly.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm Yeah. Yeah. We well we we were going
to wait and see how I like them and see
how see how it worked from a content
perspective,
>> you know, cuz they are a little bit
pricey.
>> Yep. But, uh, when I saw Candace's face
light up when she tried mine on, I was
like, "All right, Candace, we just I I
felt guilt. I felt guilty that I was
going to have it." And she I saw how
much she was like amazed by it. I'm
like, "All right, just go ahead and get
them."
>> Yeah,
>> we'll figure it out.
>> I mean, we it was going to happen
eventually. We're just We didn't wait,
you know.
>> And they had a They had a style that she
liked.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I was like, "Go ahead. Let's Let's
do it. Maybe Maybe who knows? Maybe
especially like if we're doing like some
shorts or something, we can actually see
it from two perspectives at once and
>> Right.
>> Yeah. We'll see. We'll see where we go.
I'm excited. I'm always a gadget guy
anyways.
The sound on them is amazingly good.
>> It really is. And the pig, the video
quality,
>> the video quality is very good, too.
When you consider the size of the the
camera,
it's really like magic.
Really is. Okay, that's enough talk
about that.
So, every now and then while we're
packing, I may I may film um
I may film a short just for fun.
>> Yeah.
>> And th I'm probably going to make I'm
going to pack a Tik Tok to put them up
on.
>> That'll be fun
>> cuz I don't want to I don't want to
flood the shed flips Tik Tok. Yeah,
>> shed flips Tik Tok is going to be um
probably a little more well produced or
whatever content, you know, and then
I'll just put a bunch of POV
packing shorts up on I'm going to pack
it. I think that'll be good.
Okay, let me try let me try and film one
now. So, I'm I'm going to be talking.
All right, y'all. We are packing up
little book lot.
And I usually like to bag the books just
in case they're not going to be
waterproof, but just in case they get a
little moisture. I do kind of break the
rules.
This is uh that's not that's not
specifically allowed, I don't think, by
rule.
>> Well, you don't think like what if you
were putting the invoice? What's the
difference?
>> Yeah,
>> you know,
>> an Well, the difference is it's kind of
an advertisement for our store, I guess,
or whatever.
>> An invoice would have the company name
on it.
>> Yeah, I Yeah, I agree with you. So, I
agree. That's why like there are some
there are some laws, minor laws,
uh that I'll break. You know what I
mean? To me, this is this is the
equivalent of do of doing 47 and a 45.
>> You know what I mean? Like I don't even
like
>> I I don't think it's a big deal.
>> Yeah.
>> But I do like to mention to people that
are watching that it it's not
necessarily 100% compliant with media
mail rules. That's all I want to make
sure I I mention that.
>> That has never been an issue for us.
>> I think maybe once,
you know, you might get a
you might catch somebody at the post
office is having a bad day.
>> Yeah. They hate their job.
>> Yeah. got in a fight with the got in a
fight with their old man last night or
their old lady last night and they're in
a bad mood and they're looking to
looking to um
take it out on some poor eBay seller
>> or maybe they just hate eBay sellers.
>> Yeah. Or maybe they hate books. Maybe
they hate people saying thank you.
I don't know. Whatever.
It's a risk we'll take. Let's see. I'll
do it like this.
And you know what? I'll do it like Yeah,
like this.
And that is how we pack books. I mean,
you could also
you could also u bundle those up and put
them in a poly mailer or something, I
guess, if you want. I tend to overpack a
lot of stuff.
because I don't like getting messages
about or I don't like getting poor
feedback about packing. I like the the
feedback we Man, look at that taping
job. I'm sorry.
>> You put the label right here. Maybe I
left I left her a bad pallet.
Okay, there. I filmed a uh I filmed a
short.
>> I'm sure that's going to be very
exciting.
All right, we got an army shirt going
out.
Like I can't even uh
I can't I can I can read the name. It's
uh I can't
>> Yeah, he's got bif focal contacts coming
in. We just don't have
>> They're on order.
>> Yeah.
>> In the meantime, they I have distance
vision contacts in cuz I was I was
itching to to wear my um my new meta
glasses.
Y'all, we had we had so much fun
at that Saturday garage sale. And then
we're having even I'm having even more
fun with the content.
>> Yep.
>> And Candace, you need to go you need to
go friend the that lady that we bought
the stuff from or DM her or what
follower or DM her or whatever.
She might be more comfortable talking to
another female. You know what I mean,
>> right?
>> Not not that I I don't think I made her
uncomfortable. You understand what I'm
saying, right?
>> This is the second time this week you
told me I need to go friend somebody.
You don't think I have enough friends?
>> No. I want you to have more friends.
>> Just let me pick them.
>> Okay.
>> That's a joke. That's a joke. Please.
I'm joking.
You
>> you don't really re recommend friends to
me like ever, do you?
>> Nope.
>> I guess it may maybe it's a little
insulting, huh?
>> No. I I know the reason why. I'm just
giving you a hard time.
Yeah, but yesterday, man, we we were out
to we were out doing Lonnie stuff all
day.
>> Uh haircut, contacts. Uh we did eat
lunch.
Seems like we did something else that I
forget about. But u
I mean, we did we did run in um another
store to get you some other glasses.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We So I I don't
think we got we I don't think we got
home.
It was It was in the It was mid
afternoon when we finally came in here
and
>> about 2:00. I think
>> we we did list like five or six things
listings.
>> We got
>> All right. Here is it. This is it.
>> $300 in listings done. So,
>> okay.
Let me think about what box I'm going to
use here.
I guess I can get a measurement.
Be right back, y'all. Let's see.
Trying to remember where I was putting
my uh
uh my 1210 4s or No.
Or do I have any?
That's a question.
>> I think you had one left and may have
used it Monday.
>> And then I thought I found some more.
It's It's not a huge deal either way.
I don't know.
I don't know
>> any chance there's some in our box
storage place
>> out there.
What kind of weight do you have on that
thing? Oh, wait. I found some. I got
them.
>> Okay.
>> I got them. Okay.
All right.
All right. This time we are packing a GI
Joe
Valor and Venom.
We're using a 12104 box and a little bit
of bubble wrap.
Okay. Thank you card.
I think this says Josh.
>> Yeah, it does.
>> All right. Okay. 12104.
This is how I pack a lot of stuff right
here, Candace. This is it, right? Like
like um we do that's the label maker
over here.
Yeah.
>> I basically like most of the stuff we
pack I do I bubble wrap it.
I make a box up
and I put some paper in there and a
thank you card and I close the box.
That's the extent of
I don't know 75% of our packing.
>> Yep.
>> It's not clothing anyways.
Very simple, very methodical. And GI Joe
is ready to go.
>> All right, let's take a little break.
Okay,
>> we're done with orders that need to go
out today.
Oh
Jesus Christ.
All right, we got some shoes going out
here. Do one more short. I may I may I
may run out of steam on doing these. So,
all right,
>> fun with your new toys.
>> That's right. We got some uh shoes to
pack here. And for these, we're going to
use one of those awesome free Oh, I got
them up here. It's a kind of a mess up
there. We're going to use one of these
free to us u USPS
ground advantage boxes,
which are perfect for
perfect for pretty much all
shoes that aren't in a shoe box.
>> Most shoes,
>> right? Pretty much. I mean, unless
they're boots and stuff, typically won't
do real well in these, but uh yeah,
they're great for
>> some of the bigger tennis shoes.
>> Yeah, even most of the bigger tennis
shoes will even do okay in here.
>> Yeah, this is a good box.
And the price is right.
Boom.
Some people will just ship shoes in um I
see some people that ship shoes in in
bubble mailers or poly mailers. They
just
one really big seller.
>> Those are going to get repackaged.
>> Well, I saw she said she had a 1%
rate of people complaining about it,
which she thought was acceptable.
>> What?
>> And I'm not saying it's not. Oh,
>> but uh yeah, that's not how we choose to
pack shoes. But yeah, that's done. Just
a couple of minutes.
Here we go.
>> Oh, Candace, don't do that.
>> I got it.
>> My goodness. Okay, so
all right, y'all. We're not We're not
going to film this.
>> They might already be packed,
>> I think. Yeah, that's why we're not
filming it. Yeah,
>> this um I think because a lot of times
when I do these book lots,
I don't want to move them again. You
know what I mean? Like it's easier,
especially if I have pretty high
confidence they're going to sell.
>> Yep.
>> And I pretty much always have pretty
high confidence they're going to sell.
>> You're not buying a book lot if you
don't have that confidence,
>> right? Yeah, I don't buy Yeah, I don't
buy on the um on those videos where
where where you see us picking up
picking up book lots. Well, hard
coverver books, especially a paperback
book lot.
I pretty much any paperback book lot
that's all by the same author or
something, it'll sell.
>> It may not sell at the price you love
you love, but if you get them cheap
enough
>> Yeah, that's the key,
>> right? If you get them cheap enough,
pretty much any book lot of same author
or series or whatever will have a buyer.
It's just a question of price at that
point. There we go.
And yeah, you might you may want to
check um
>> UPS ground. I know.
>> Yeah,
I don't where's it going to, Candace?
And let me get I'm going to try and
guess if UPS ground will make sense.
>> Tennessee.
>> Tennessee. I predict UPS ground, you
could do a 131 1313.
>> I I predict UPS ground will be either
cheaper or maybe more by 50 cents or
something like that.
>> Not on eBay.
>> Really?
>> So, I'm checking pirate ship now.
>> What was the difference?
>> Like $2.
>> Really?
>> For ground versus ground advantage.
>> Oh, no. No,
no. Uh medium. The difference should
have been
>> medium versus ground.
>> Oh, okay. Oh, ground advantage is
cheaper.
>> Ground advantage is cheaper.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> By 50 cents.
>> But UPS is not.
>> No, but sometimes Pirate Ship is. So,
let me check that.
>> Nope. Not Pirate Ship.
>> Huh.
>> So, looks like they're going Grand
Advantage.
>> Well, that's that's good news because
now we we go from
um not having insurance
>> to having insurance
>> cuz that is a $70 book lot.
>> Yeah.
>> Yep. And we wouldn't like I I'm okay
with I'm okay with shipping like if if
media mail would have been uh
substantially cheaper. I'm okay with
rolling the bones and not insuring it at
70. Like
>> the the chance of something happening to
that
and not making it is pretty low. Like
really low.
Oh my gosh. What am I doing? Why did I
do that?
>> I know.
>> All right. There's your That's your
charms. There's your it.
>> Okay.
All right. We'll
>> That's not my charms. That's the
bracelet.
>> This Oh, okay.
>> Okay. You scared me cuz I have the
charms here, but I thought I'd given you
the charms.
>> Okay. I'm sorry.
>> Yeah.
>> I can't see that. Well,
>> I know.
>> All right. Let's pack some cosmetics
now.
And this is super simple. I have an
eight I have a 644 box. I love this size
for smalls
because they're super light. These boxes
are pretty cheap. They're small, but
they're actually they actually fit a lot
of stuff.
Okay.
Well, that was a bad pull. Yikes.
I'm not making Bubble Boy look very good
with that one.
>> Just the operator.
>> Yeah, that's operator error for sure.
Okay. I ended up using way more bubble
wrap than I usually do. That's okay.
We're not entering this uh package into
a beauty contest.
This is why we like selling smalls,
y'all. Fast packing.
>> Smalls, y'all.
>> All right.
>> Big old card for that figure.
>> Yeah. Look at that. I think we have a
box just right for that.
All right. So, you know what's cool is
um I I kind I like that Easter break
Easter is going to give us a little
break from sourcing, right? And the
weather.
>> Maybe the weather is the thing because
there is a highway sale Saturday.
But if it's going to be raining, we're
not going to go. Of course. No, there's
a there's a highway sale.
H
>> we we'll have to talk later. I'm not
going to count it out.
>> Yeah, I know.
>> I'm not going to count it out.
>> Okay. All right.
This is how we pack transformers.
Okay. So, this car 12 in by about 9.
I've got a box that I think is going to
be perfect for this. I like to I stock
these boxes
this size box 14 106.
I use it for other stuff too. But one of
the reasons that we stock this box at
all is because a lot of these
we have a we we do sell a pretty good
mini carded action figures.
>> Yeah,
>> at least currently we do. We have a
pretty good mini in stock and a lot of
those cards are just big.
Um,
so having this 14 dimension
is really nice when we're packing this
kind of stuff
cuz those uh those toy makers, man, they
uh
>> they love their big cards.
>> Yeah, they they they intentionally make
their cards super huge,
of course, so they stand out on the
shelf. I mean, look, toy is this big.
card is that big.
>> Yeah.
>> And plus it get, you know, collectors
like bigger cards too because it there's
more room for artwork and stuff. So I
get it.
But it is interesting that in um like in
Japan for instance,
as far what from what we've seen
that is not the case. They have
packaging that is like really as small
as it needs to be. And
only as big as it needs to be, I should
say.
>> Yeah.
>> I'll just put a little bit of cushion on
the bottom.
And I like to do a big sheet like that
to lay it in.
And then when I do that and I push it
down, I can then take that little bit of
paper and that on something light like
this, that's sufficient
as void fill around this the sides.
Makes that fairly fairly simple and
quick.
And then it's just a matter of taping
this sucker up.
So many times, uh, packing comes down
to,
uh, you know, if you have the right
packing materials, it's going to make it
way, way easier. And y'all will see
later, uh, when we don't have the exact
right packing materials, we still have
to get by. And those are some of the
more interesting videos, but I'd rather
have the right box, and this time we
did.
Okay.
This is a Man, I should have kept this
for putting in my contacts.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Our lighting is not that great in that
that bathroom.
>> No, it's not.
>> We need to upgrade it a little bit.
I'm going to put a little more
bubble on interior
cuz I'm not planning on doing a ton.
>> Man, we had three things going out EIS
today.
>> That's wild.
>> Yeah,
>> that's a lot.
>> I know.
>> Sometimes we can go a week without one,
>> right?
>> Although I'd say I'd say most most weeks
we probably have two or three. Huh.
>> Right.
>> Yeah.
And uh if y'all are not familiar with
what we're talking about, most of y'all
probably are. EIS
is the uh that's the program where
we can sell we can sell uh to
am I what am I doing here? I got to
figure I got to figure out this size.
What is this? Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's
good. where we can um
ship
ship internationally,
which just get keeps getting more and
more complex.
>> But eBay takes it all all the complexity
out on on our end because they all we
have to do
if you enroll if you sign up for that
program.
>> It's called eBay International Shipping,
>> right? EIS
>> and we we just have to send it to eBay
has us print a label automatically. We
don't even need to know that it's EIS.
Like it doesn't matter
>> cuz the when the order comes in
>> it it has to send it to the has us send
it to the hub in uh Illinois.
>> Yep.
>> And then they get it there in Illinois
and they do whatever they do and they
send it on on its way.
>> They take control over it from there.
That's why a while ago when you packed
those shoes in Ground Advantage, I said
they're going to get repackaged and
that's why
>> they may may or may not.
>> Yeah.
I'm I'm wondering if sometimes they
don't just put some stuff in a big cargo
thing, you know, and I don't know.
>> I I have no idea. I like
>> I don't know how they do it from there.
>> I do think so. I They definitely I think
repack some stuff, but I don't know I
don't know what percentage I don't think
they repack all of it. They might take a
bunch of small things and put them
inside one big box with labels slapped
on each end of each. I don't know. I
don't know how they do it.
>> I remember one time I sold a u
we had two Okay, we we had two major
mistakes that they made. This is this
pretty good while ago. One time I sold a
clown like a
>> Yeah.
>> a handmade clown and it was I made a big
deal about it. Haunted clown. Whatever.
Haha. Funny. Funny. And
the customer on the other Whoops, that
was a bad cut. The customer uh messaged
me that they received instead of a
clown, they received like a dress or
something.
>> Yeah, they got some kind of clothing.
>> And u that wasn't our fault. And we we
we didn't have we we didn't lose out.
eBay international shipping program took
care of that.
>> Basically, once you get your item to the
hub, eBay has complete responsibility
including returns. Like we are out of
the picture from that point.
>> Now, we can still get feedback if it's
negative regarding the shipping, eBay
will generally uh remove that if it was
done EIS. Yeah, they're very um they're
they make they must make a ton of money
off of that program because they make it
that's the one thing that eBay does that
they have made very seller friendly.
>> Yeah.
>> Cuz they so they they must make a ton of
money off of that program cuz they uh
now the downside and I know we do have
quite a few international viewers. Um,
so what I'm going to say now is pro I'm
probably going to make some of y'all
mad. Uh, and I understand the downside
is EIS fees are pretty substantially
they're pretty high.
>> Yeah. Then if we would ship on our own
>> Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> But
we have I mean like if you ship on your
own there's a whole there's so much more
liability. Yep.
>> So,
we used to do it and we stopped
a lot like domestically.
Typically, lost packages aren't really a
a thing.
>> Yeah, I know.
>> But shipping internationally, lost
packages are pretty common thing
>> and they can take a long time, too.
Yeah.
>> Right. That's usually the case. I think
some some of them take a long time.
>> Yeah. And then that person can, you
know, like it can
>> I'm not received or Yeah.
>> What are you going to do?
>> Yep.
>> Or if they don't like it.
>> Yeah.
>> What are you going to do?
>> Yep. Pay return shipping,
>> right? I mean,
so I but I do understand that it it is
um it's expensive,
but for mo I think for most eBay
sellers,
if they didn't ship if they if they
weren't able to ship via EIS, they
probably wouldn't ship international at
all.
>> Right?
>> So that's one way to look at it.
All
right. What kind of box am I using this
time?
Let's see.
What do I want to use? I definitely want
to make sure I use something.
This is overkill. That's fine. I want to
overkill it.
>> Yeah, that's an expensive item.
>> That's money.
This is the thing we bought at a garage
sale this past. This is one one of the
few things I Is this the only thing I
listed yesterday?
>> Um I think so. Yeah, one shot, one kill.
We bought that at a garage sale. Um, and
yeah, we sold it for 120. We're not
making We're not making as much as we
normally would on a sale like that
cuz we did pay 60.
But man, I'd do that I'd do that over
and over and over. list stuff that we
paid 60 for that is that easy to to to
list and ship
>> y
>> and sells fast. Shoot.
Hey, that's a that's a uh Facebook post
there. you know that cuz uh I mean when
people talk about what they're willing
to to spend, how much are you willing to
pay?
So like I especially in our Facebook
group.
>> Yep.
>> Could you do a reset on that? It's been
running on 20 minutes, I think.
>> Okay.
All right. I'm going to get in trouble.
What What was I talking about right
before that?
>> Um about prices people are willing to
pay. Big debate in the water cooler.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
There's a lot of people out there and I
don't know if they really like if they
really stick to this all the time
because there's everybody probably has
exceptions but man there's a lot of
people that say they have a rule that
like whatever the number is if they
can't make five times their money on the
buy price
>> Mhm.
>> Excuse me.
>> They don't buy it or 10 10x or what or
3x or whatever their number is.
>> Interesting. Yeah.
>> And and there's a point and I I see what
they're saying, but there's a point at
which that doesn't matter anymore and it
just becomes okay. Like I don't I I'm
not going to do all the math on it
because there are fees that come out of
this, but let's say that we're making
$45 net on this after everything. Right.
>> Right.
>> I I took three minutes to list the
thing.
>> Right.
>> You know what? That's probably an
exaggeration. I probably took 10 minutes
all in.
>> The mo the but probably the longest part
was doing the research on price.
>> Just trying to look at the pricing
because it was kind of all over the
place, right?
>> 10 minutes to list it. Y'all saw how
fast it was to pack it.
>> So, let's say I have 15 minutes total
into that thing to make $45.
>> Yep.
>> Like, I'm sorry, but we're not rich
enough to where we can
>> turn that down.
>> To turn that down.
>> Yeah. If I'm jealous of those that would
turn that down because that means they
got way more money than we do.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what I mean?
>> Yep.
>> Like that's why like so these absolutes
anytime someone speaks
>> it's a case by case scenario. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Anytime someone is speaking in
absolutes that raises up warning flags
for me pretty much. I mean there's some
things. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Uh
>> stop.
All righty.
This is long time resident of the shed.
This these are Candace. What is that
team name? I can't read it.
>> Um the Cougars is Cougars.
>> Oh, I couldn't look on the listing. Bat
Ridge Cougars, minor league baseball
team.
>> Look at that. That's like Man, that's
probably like 50 years old or something.
That photo. Yeah. Do you ever think
about that? The um it's kind of white,
you know. I'm going to put that that
that old photo deserves
plenty of protection. So, we'll use one
of these. I think this is
this is what I use whenever I really
want to protect something flat like
this.
Okay.
You ever you ever Candace, you ever
think about this? Like it's kind of kind
of dark. You know, a lot of these people
in this photo are no no longer with us,
>> right?
>> And they look so they're so young and
vibrant in the photo.
>> I know.
>> You ever think about that?
>> Yeah. Oh, yeah. All the time
>> I think about that. It makes me
>> the history of stuff and like
>> momentarily sad, you know, cuz they're
so full of life
in the photo.
You know what it makes me think of?
>> What's that?
>> That song. Uh, photograph.
>> Oh, yeah. De leopard.
>> No. No. Not at all. No. Hush your mouth.
>> What song are you?
>> I'm not I mean I went to a de leopard
concert in 1991. Okay. Cuz my buddy
wanted me to go.
>> Uhhuh.
>> But I never I mean I do like I like that
song actually, too. I'm not, you know, I
do I photograph.
It's actually It actually might be their
my favorite song by them, which ain't
saying a whole heck of a lot.
>> Wait.
>> No, I mean, no, it's fine. They're fine.
>> They're fine. Everything's fine.
>> Yeah.
>> There you go. There's your picture. Um,
no photograph. It was It's pro It's kind
of a
You know how I know about this song?
>> How? from KLSU back in the day because
KLSU, the the radio station for LSU,
obviously, man, their format was
alternative rock
and man, they played some that was that
was all I listened to in the 90s was
KLSU.
But anyways, uh Michael Stip and Natalie
Merchant. Oh,
>> look it up. If y'all want to hear a good
song, if you like that kind of if you
like Natalie Merchant or Michael Stite
from RM
>> very like soulful like beautiful song
and it's about it's about what we were
talking about just now.
>> Yeah.
>> Nie Merchant, man. Woo.
>> Such a voice.
>> I love her voice. So unique.
>> Who is this for? This is for uh
>> Mark.
>> Mark,
>> that's going international,
>> is it?
>> Yep.
>> Well, Mark, thank you very much if
you're watching this right now. Um I we
know you had to pay a premium.
>> Yep.
>> And we appreciate the support.
Oh my gosh. I remember when we were
selling when we at one point we were
selling these things and uh we were
selling them internationally
>> shipping international or something.
>> Oh my gosh, y'all.
>> Yep.
>> That that was I mean we had so many
issues. Okay, here's the charms I
thought from earlier.
So many issues. And I feel like today it
would be even worse.
>> Oh yeah.
>> You know. Oh, you're you're sending
weapons, you know, or something like
that.
>> There's so many restrictions now.
>> There are. Man, can you imagine trying
to ship one of these to the UK now?
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Cuz they they they're pretty strict
about knives.
>> Yeah.
>> And I I think this was I think this is
allowed.
But uh
>> but still, you may get some overzealous
agent, you know,
>> right? Or or or bot type thing or
whatever.
>> He doesn't understand the rules.
And I don't fully understand the rules
myself, right? Like I would I can't
categorically say where we can sell that
that those and where we can't.
>> Yep.
>> So
then on top of that, there were, you
know, packages would get lost. And at
first I was shipping those out in um the
Manila
paper mailers.
>> Bubble. They were bubble mailers. They
were the paper kind.
>> Yeah. And it turns out whenever this
thing's kind of heavy and whenever it
would shift from one side to the other,
sometimes they would just keep going and
leave their envelope.
>> You never know like a carrier or an
agent might have been like slinging it
and just the weight it would bust
through.
>> Yeah,
I should have seen that coming. I never
even considered it. It didn't happen. I
think I think we had reports of that
happening maybe three or four times.
>> Yeah, they received the empty envelope.
Yeah. So then we just started taping up
the ends.
>> Yeah, we started reinforcing it and uh
that that solved it.
>> Okay, here's your brighten. Does that
mean we're done?
>> We are done.
>> Yay. Y'all know what that means? You
know what that means?
>> We're going to eat it.
>> We're going to eat it. Lunch that is.
>> Thanks so much for watching and we will
see y'all again very soon. Bye y'all.
>> Bye.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
Gonna Pack It. Oh,
>> redo.